README.md, before:

# Discord_2024

A theme for Discord that brings the pre-2025 refresh UI we all loved as close as possible while retaining all new features (if possible).

_Discord_2024 was made fully from scratch by me, however it wouldn't be possible without amazing [OldCord](https://github.com/milbits/oldcord) (which gave many ideas and was a great learning source) and [NewerOldCord](https://github.com/FrCynda/NewerOldCord) (which was the original idea for this theme)._

# Discord Appearance/Accessibility Settings

Technically the theme should work for all default themes (Light, Ash, Dark, Onyx, nitro themes are not supported), however it was mostly tested on Ash, as that's the theme I use and had most screenshots of.
Any other settings (i.e., UI density, zoom, font size) were default ones, if changed they should still work as intended, if any bugs occur please let me know!

# Plugins

The theme should work with any plugins you might use, however some might not work as intended. If you spot any that outright don't work well (whilst working on base discord), let me know and i will try to fix them. Some fixes for BD plugins are already included.

# Work in progress

This is very much work in progress, there are still a lot of changes that need to be done, but the base look should be somewhat accurate (in certain ways pixel perfect). I will be working on improving the theme, if you have any screenshots of the old UI or spot any bug, do let me know in [discord](https://discord.gg/VZYrFfnP25). Also any improvements for the code are welcome, together we will make discord great again!

# Installation

## [BetterDiscord](https://betterdiscord.app/)

1. Download [Discord_2024.theme.css](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bron99/Discord_2024/master/Discord_2024.theme.css) (right-click > "Save As")
2. Save the file to the BetterDiscord theme folder:

- Windows: `%appdata%/BetterDiscord/themes`
- Linux: `~/.config/BetterDiscord/themes`

## [Vencord](https://github.com/Vendicated/Vencord)

#### Local method

1. Download [Discord_2024.theme.css](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bron99/Discord_2024/master/Discord_2024.theme.css) (right-click > "Save As")
2. Move the file to the Vencord theme folder:

- `Settings > Themes > Open theme folder`

#### Online method

Paste the following in `Settings > Themes`:

- `https://bron99.github.io/Discord_2024/src/main.css`

## Other

1. Paste the following at **the top** of the CSS file/window:

```css
@import url("https://bron99.github.io/Discord_2024/src/main.css");
```

Commit message:

- several fixes for themes and layout - fixes for folders - move 'inbox'/'help' to their original spots - adjust win buttons - fixes for custom banners

README.md, after:

# Discord_2024

A theme for Discord that brings the pre-2025 refresh UI we all loved as close as possible while retaining all new features (if possible).

_Discord_2024 was made fully from scratch by me, however it wouldn't be possible without amazing [OldCord](https://github.com/milbits/oldcord) (which gave many ideas and was a great learning source) and [NewerOldCord](https://github.com/FrCynda/NewerOldCord) (which was the original idea for this theme)._

# Discord Appearance/Accessibility Settings

All themes are supported (Light, Ash, Dark, Onyx and custom Nitro ones), however some things might be off. The theme is mainly tested on Ash, as that's the theme I use and have most screenshots/videos of.
Any other settings (i.e., UI density, zoom, font size) were default ones, if changed they should still work as intended, if any bugs occur please let me know!

# Plugins

The theme should work with any plugins you might use, however some might not work as intended. If you spot any that outright don't work well (whilst working on base discord), let me know and i will try to fix them. Some fixes for BD plugins are already included.

# Work in progress

This is very much work in progress, there are still a lot of changes that need to be done, but the base look should be somewhat accurate (in certain ways pixel perfect). I will be working on improving the theme, if you have any screenshots of the old UI or spot any bug, do let me know in [discord](https://discord.gg/VZYrFfnP25). Also any improvements for the code are welcome, together we will make discord great again!

# Installation

## [BetterDiscord](https://betterdiscord.app/)

1. Download [Discord_2024.theme.css](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bron99/Discord_2024/master/Discord_2024.theme.css) (right-click > "Save As")
2. Save the file to the BetterDiscord theme folder:

- Windows: `%appdata%/BetterDiscord/themes`
- Linux: `~/.config/BetterDiscord/themes`

## [Vencord](https://github.com/Vendicated/Vencord)

#### Local method

1. Download [Discord_2024.theme.css](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bron99/Discord_2024/master/Discord_2024.theme.css) (right-click > "Save As")
2. Move the file to the Vencord theme folder:

- `Settings > Themes > Open theme folder`

#### Online method

Paste the following in `Settings > Themes`:

- `https://bron99.github.io/Discord_2024/src/main.css`

## Other

1. Paste the following at **the top** of the CSS file/window:

```css
@import url("https://bron99.github.io/Discord_2024/src/main.css");
```
